begin adding docs (#50)
opentap/Parquet: doc/result_listener.md

# Result listener

> Add the result listener called `Parquet` to your test plan.

Reviewer: Did you mean settings here?

Also I think we should start by giving a general overview of the Parquet result listener.  
Then write how to use it and finally get into the details.

Author: Let me know if the most recent changes resolve this comment

# Result listener

> The parquet result listener allows listening to events from OpenTAP and writing the data from these events into .parquet files. The data added consists of TestStep results, TestStep parameters and Plan parameters.

Reviewer: Add test step runs and test plan runs.

To use the result listener follow the steps below:
1. Install the Parquet tappackage `tap package install Parquet`
2. Create/open a test plan in your favorite IDE

> 3. Add a parquet result listener, located under "Database/Parquet"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a parquet result listener to you result listener settings. It can be found under the name "Database/Parquet"
```
